March 5th/6th 2018 :

Conclusions from the foray into thinking about a stepped version for the Laplace domain solutions (why can't change the
permeability etc) :

a. The solution is most straightforwardly defined for homogeneous initial conditions in the Laplace space - in other words,
the solution is calculated most easily when the equations are homogeneous (when converting the two temp and pressure coupled
equations into a set of uncoupled 4th order ode's). In order to calculate the solution for this non-homonegeonous (if the
initial conditions are not homogeneous) ode, the general + specific solution requires an integral that is difficult/not clear how to
do analytically. Furthermore, the solution is needed as a step in pluggin in the initial conditions to calculate the
constants as well as followed by laplace inversion numerically most likely. All of this is prone to numerical challenges and will
be likely pretty slow ..

b. Same type of issues show up if one tries to make permeability a function of time (or even just sums of Heavyside functions)
since the laplace transform of a f(x)g(x) is not straightforward enough for the subsequent steps. There are additional intrinsic
issues with making the permeability pressure or space/temp dependent - both in terms of assumptions of derivations as well
as procedural/numerics.


c. Seems that likely the most feasible thing to do is to use the uncoupled thermo-poro-elastic solutions ---
here the temperature is uncoupled (small error at best since no convection anyways) while the poro/elasto is fully coupled.

We can then use the Green's function approach to calculate the solution for the pressure and temp with initial conditions
specified. This Green's function is seemingly only tractible for the case of the fixed temp/pressure bndry condition - not the flux
boundary condition.

So, to first order, it seems reasonable to incur a small penalty with that - use always the fully coupled solution with
constant properties for the flux (fluid flux from magma chamber) - note that this extra flux term is needed in our equations
since we do not calculate the convective heat flux piece explicitly.